Small additions to getting started (#674)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/build.md

> **It’s finished building when:** there is a message stating `Completed build for Local/Cloud target`.

You can now find the built-out workers in `build/assembly/worker` in the root of the SpatialOS GDK for Unity project.

> #### TIP: Fast worker build with quick-run

Reviewer: this tip could probably be renamed to something like "Iterate faster locally with quick-run"

Author: Ta - have had a rejig

> #### TIP: Fast worker build with quick-run

Author: ```suggestion
#### TIP: Speed up development iteration with worker quick-run
```

>  When you are developing with the GDK, you can use quick-run to build workers using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).

Author: ```suggestion
 When you are developing with the GDK, you don't need to build out workers all the time, you can use quick-run to run both workers in your Unity Editor using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).
```

>  When you are developing with the GDK, you can use a quick-run to build workers using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).

Author: ```suggestion
 When you are developing with the GDK, you can use quick-run to build workers using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).
```

>  When you are developing with the GDK, you don't need to build out workers all the time, you can use quick-run to run both workers in your Unity Editor using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).

Author: ```suggestion
 When you are developing with the GDK, you don't need to build out workers all the time, you can use quick-run to run two workers in your Unity Editor using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).
```

>  When you are developing with the GDK, you don't need to build out workers all the time, you can use quick-run to run two workers in your Unity Editor using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).

Author: ```suggestion
 When you are developing with the GDK, you don't need to build out workers all the time, you can use quick-run to run multiple workers in your Unity Editor using Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).
```

>  This tutorial takes you through a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use a quick-run option. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 

Reviewer 2: The first sentence sounds slightly weird... how about:
This tutorial takes you through the steps needed to to start up and connect to a cloud deployment.

Also: do we now say "quick-run" option? this sounds like something that needs to be enabled

Reviewer 2: it doesn't really have a name afaik 🤷‍♀️  I'm less against the quick-run part and more against calling it an option as it sounds like it needs to be configured somewhere

Author: Made it clearer - and got rid of "option".

>  This tutorial takes you through a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use a quick-run option. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 

Author: ```suggestion
 This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use a quick-run option. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 
```

> When you are developing with the GDK, you use a local deployment rather than a cloud deployment. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration.  

Author: ```suggestion
During development , you use a local deployment rather than a cloud deployment. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration.  
```

>  This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 

Reviewer: The "quick-run" bit refers to running both workers in the editor, avoiding the need to build out workers every time. The real benefit to the user here is that they can test their changes quickly/immediately without building out

Author: Ta - added this in the TL; DR bit at the top.

>  This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use a quick-run option. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 

Author: ```suggestion
 This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use a quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 
```

>  This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, to speed up development iteration. 

Author: ```suggestion
When you are developing with the GDK, you use a local deployment rather than a cloud deployment. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration.  
```

>  This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, so you don't have to keep building out workers during development iteration. 

Author: ```suggestion
 This tutorial takes you through the steps to start up a cloud deployment. When you are developing with the GDK, you don’t need to always use a cloud deployment; you can use a local deployment instead. In a local deployment, you can either build your workers to run locally or use quick-run. With quick-run you can run multiple workers in your Unity Editor, to speed up development iteration. 
```

>  To use quick-run with the FPS Starter Project:

Author: ```suggestion
 To use quick-run:
```

1. With your project open in the Unity Editor, on your computer’s keyboard, select Ctrl+L (Windows) or Cmd+L (Mac).

> 2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: SpatialOS ready. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector (xx.xs)

Reviewer 2: what is that (xx.xs) at the end?

> 2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: SpatialOS ready. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector (xx.xs)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector (xx.xs).
```

> 2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector (xx.xs).

Author: ```suggestion
2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector.
```

> 2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s Console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s Console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector.`
```

> 2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Wait until you see a message in the Editor’s Console window that SpatialOS is ready. The message is: `SpatialOS ready`. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector.
```

> 3. In your Unity Editor, play the FPS-Development Scene.

Author: ```suggestion
3. In your Unity Editor, play your game's Scene.
```
